Update info on Kyma Dashboard (#16670)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/04-operation-guides/operations/02-install-kyma.md

  kyma deploy
  ```

> With Kyma installed on a local k3d cluster, access Kyma Dashboard using `kyma dashboard`. The command opens a browser and takes you to localhost with the web-based administrative UI for Kyma. With Kyma installed on a remote cluster, run the `kyma dashboard` command to open the Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Kyma installed on a local k3d cluster, access Kyma Dashboard using `kyma dashboard`. The command opens a browser and takes you to localhost with the web-based administrative UI for Kyma. Use the same command to access Kyma installed on a remote cluster.
```
Based on Valentin's answer, I think we can go with something like this.
